Uncle Xiao Guo
We came out of the blue today, sorry?
You are all relatives of my ex-husband
I have something I want to ask you to help me with.
Hey stop talking
Money, right?
It's impossible.
You shared so much money when I died
Are you still stealing our money?
No, we're not here for money.
I'm not here to ask for money, what are you doing here?
Brother, they suddenly came to me, but they were not at ease
Dear uncles and aunts
Hello everyone, my name is Chairperson Zhou
It's Tingting's Wokunfu
We are getting married at the end of the month.
I'm here to ask for some money
I won't give you this money.
We're not going to your wedding either
It's impossible.
We have no money, no money
Dear uncles and aunts
Now don't get me wrong.
Tingting and I
Of course I hope to get your blessings.
You have something more important right now
I want to ask for your help.
I was sick today.
Very ill.
What is Tingting's disease?